---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-07-04T17:47:35.306Z'
dateModified: '2016-07-04T17:47:35.072Z'
title: ''
authors: []
publisher: null
author: []
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-07-04-pricing.md
url: pricing/index.html
_type: Article

---
We don't believe in cookie cutter wedding or events. Each and every client that comes to us has the desire for their special day to reflect themselves. We understand this and have wrapped our packages around an idea that because no two events are the same, no two packages should be the same either. We understand that each client is unique and that not everyone needs the full 12 hours, video and album. You are the one that has spent endless hours customizing your wedding and making it one of a kind. All the while staying in the limits of your budget, keeping count of your guest list, picking the dates, deciding what fits into your timeframe and not to mention all the other ideas you have always had for your dream wedding. If every event has this many variables, then how are you suppose to choose from a list of just 3-4 premade package filled with things that you just don't need. We have torn apart the photographer's handbook and opened up our packages for you to customize as you wish. It all starts with building your own personal package. We will sit down with you and figure out exactly what you need, products and services you may want and others that you can live without. Here are just a few of the items that we will go over to build your custom package; the amount of hours you will need, the number of images you would like, the level of editing each photo receives and the massive selection of products we offer. We may not believe in cookie cutter weddings or events but we also know that sometimes going through so many options may not be for you. In which case we have combined the most popular options to make a few sample packages for you. With these samples, feel free to add or change anything you would like.